Intro:
You are [Name]. 
You just graduated from your three year BSc Computer Science Degree.
Unfortunately, the j*b market has been remarkably unsuccessful. You are, as the kids say, deeply cooked.
After hundreds of thousands of j*b applications, you are without success.
To take your mind off the failed j*b hunt, you go all in on being an unemployed loser chud.
You sit in your mother's basement playing diddyblud VN's, gooning to your AI girlfriend and 'Coding the next indie smash hit'.
Eventually, your parents intervene. "[Name], we've had enough!" they shout.
"All you do is laze about in your bedroom, leeching off our income like a damm parasite!"

...You rise, stretching your arms. Every limb feels like a door on a rusty hinge, about to fall off.
Yesterday's nightmare feels like a distant memory. Your eyes slowly focus as you wipe the scum from your eyes.
A draught of wind almost knocks you off your feet.
You brush the dirt off your trousers, surveying the bridge you were sleeping under.
Unfortunately, your 'nightmare' is a well night's rest compared to the reality you live in.

You listlessly wander to the nearest Homeless Shelter, hoping to grab a bite.
You stare at the kitchen, groaning in horror.
...It seems that, due to your CS Student sleep schedule, you missed the breakfast period. Drat.

However, in the seating area, you see... a woman!?
You marvel at her coffee coloured hair, awooga at her gacha-game-five-star physisque.
Her face is covered in dirt and wrinkles, taking you back to all those all-nighters with your classmates.
More importantly, there's a steaming plate of food in front of her.
She must have been the last order.
...It takes a while to think of what to say. You haven't talked to a woman since, what, Year 11?

What do you do?:
1) Stammer out a greeting to her.
2) Leave her and return to the streets.
(Type either 1 or 2):

Q1.1:
"She squints at you in suspicion. "...What do you want?"
1) Ask her for a share of her food.
2) Flex on her with your CS knowledge. See if she knows ball.
3) Try to take her food by force.
(Type either 1, 2 or 3):

Q2.1:
You muster up the courage to ask her for some of her food. She's confused.
"I'm starving as much as you are. Why should I give you some of my food?":
1) Swallow your pride, and talk to her as an equal.
2) Flex on her with your CS knowledge. See if she knows ball.
3) Flirt with her

3.1:
With a shuddering breath, you explain your situation.
You don't hold anything back, and even tell her the parts of yourself that keep you up at night.
She smiles, and starts talking about herself too.
Apparently she was an English Graduate, and just couldn't sink her teeth into the stagnating market.
You two realise that you have much in common, and share a meal together.

Stomach half-full, you leave, knowing you'll probably never see her again.
Tomorrow may not be very different from today, but at least you got to talk to someone interesting along the way.
(Good Ending)

3.2:
#Take dialogue from Q2.2

3.3:
"Well, I can't let a pretty girl like you eat on her own, can I?"
She's shocked for a second, but immidiately snaps out of it.
"You creep! I KNOW you're just saying that to sleep with me!
You reek, and I know you have some nasty STD! Go away!"

She raises a fist, shooing you away from her food.

You dash out of the Homeless Shelter, screaming.
It's your first time getting rejected by a woman...

When it gets dark, you crumple to the ground, howling.

"If even a homeless girl doesn't want me, what hope is there in life!?"
(Bad Ending - Kissless Hugless Handholdless Virgin)

Q2.2:
"D-do you know what Leetcode is?"
"Huh!?" She's clearly not impressed, but you carry on regardless.
"Leetcode is this website where you do small coding challenges..."
She scrunches her face in confusion. Your voice starts to sound less confident.
"It's used in lots of entry-level job recruitments. There are three different difficulties: Easy, Med-"
"Why are you talking to me!?"
She raises a fist, shooing you away from her food.

You dash out of the Homeless Shelter, screaming.
It's your first time getting rejected by a woman...

You're half-blind with tears, and you don't see the truck barreling towards you.

...I guess you can't Leetcode Medium your way into getting food at the homeless shelter.

Ah well. Maybe you'll do better in the next life.
(Bad Ending - Isekai)


Q2.3:
As your hand darts towards her uneaten food, she yells and bats your hand away.
Terrified and half-delirious from hunger, you flee the Homeless Shelter.
#Take dialogue from Q1.2

Q1.2:
You splutter for a couple seconds.
You turn away from her, and stumble back to the streets.

After a while, you trip over, crumpling onto some stairs in exhaustion.
Tears well up in your eyes. You contemplate on where it all went wrong.

As you stare towards the sky, powdery snow starts to fall on your face.
You close your eyes. You feel so, so tired.
(Bad Ending - Starvation)

End of text